OSOE-97: Maximizing concurrent tests running (#151)
Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox: Lombiq.Tests.UI/Docs/Configuration.md

We encourage you to experiment with a `RetryTimeoutSeconds` value suitable for your hardware. Higher, paradoxically, is usually less safe.

> `MaxRunningConcurrentTests` sets how many tests should run at the same time. Use a value of `0` to indicate that you would like the default behavior. Use a value of `-1` to indicate that you do not wish to limit the number of tests running at the same time. The default behaviour and `0` uses the [System.Environment.ProcessorCount](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.environment.processorcount?view=net-6.0#remarks) property. Set any other positive integer to limit to the exact number.

Reviewer: This doc is better suited as docs on the property. Also explain the relationship with the xUnit config there (as you mentioned under the issue: Why do we need this? Do we need this only for UI test? Why are UI tests unique in that matter?). Nevertheless, emphasize it being an important config here.

We encourage you to experiment with a `RetryTimeoutSeconds` value suitable for your hardware. Higher, paradoxically, is usually less safe.

> `MaxRunningConcurrentTests` sets how many UI tests should run at the same time. It is an important property if you want to run your UI tests parallel, checkout the inline documentation in [`OrchardCoreUITestExecutorConfiguration`](../Services/OrchardCoreUITestExecutorConfiguration.cs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MaxRunningConcurrentTests` sets how many UI tests should run at the same time. It is an important property if you want to run your UI tests in parallel, check out the inline documentation in [`OrchardCoreUITestExecutorConfiguration`](../Services/OrchardCoreUITestExecutorConfiguration.cs).
```
